{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21400\viewh12300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Virtual internship\
\
\
Having internships during the years of study is an inevitable experience that brings a lot of great benefits. Gaining more knowledge, social networking, learning to become a better engineer, get hands on experience on how work is done in real life etc is some of the benefits of having an internship. For a data engineer specifically it is exciting to see how the working structure in a company is and how code is produced and tested. This type of experience is hard to get in school, and is what makes these internships important and special. Further, the social network one get by cooperating with other students from different fields of study as well as the engineers at the company is truly a great benefit. In addition to this is also the salary which is nice to have when the school year starts again. \
\
From my previous internship in 2019, I worked in an engineering company \'absom satset p\'e5\'bb digital labs and digital twins as a part of it. We were 4 students that were hired to work together on a project developing a digital twin for the company using the relevant software they had available. The summer was great fun, cooperating together in a group and getting to know the engineers in the company was a great experience. Both the work specific and social part was great, so having an internship definitely gave \'abmersmak\'bb. \
\
So I decided to apply for a new internship for the summer of 2020. After a relatively long interview process with home assignment, code interview and a culture fit interview, I was happy to receive an offer for the summer internship 2020. With the previous years internship in mind, I was looking forward to make new great experiences. However, as COVID-19 developed further in the wrong direction, I got the message that the internship was going to be virtual this year, meaning I would be working remote from home. On the one hand I was happy that the internship still was on, as I had seen that a lot of peers  from my study have had their internships cancelled. On the other hand, working remote was still a kind \'abskj\'e6r i gleden(?)\'bb. However, it was no point in \'abdvele ved det\'bb. Instead I thought this could be a great experience and maybe a \'abforsmak\'bb on how \'abarbeidslivet\'bb is going to be in a larger degree in the future. \
\
\
So what could this virtual internship give me that a normal internship not can? And how can one \'abdra best nytte av denne situasjonen\'bb?\
\
In general, working remote provides a lot of benefits. One work in a quiet and known environment without a lot of disturbances that can occur at work. Further, with the video conference software getting better and better and also \'abm\'f8teskikken\'bb at the video conferences gets better, the efficiency of working like this is maybe increased from what one is used to. Also, all the colleagues is only a video call away, which makes the possibilities of cooperation a lot better. But that\'92s in general. What about when one havent met the persons one is supposed to be working with, how is that going be? Further, starting in a summer internship also means that start working with a lot of code and software that is unknown to one before one starts. Thus, that makes things harder as well. How is that going to be? Its definitely a challenge that is going to be interesting to see how is solved.\
\
\
Before this remote internship starts, the things I\'92m most excited about is how the communication is going to work when one only have met over video conference.  And also how long its going to take to get familiar with the software one is going to work with and how the cooperation is going to be. One that is for sure is that this is going to be a great experience, and a \'abformsak p\'e5 arbeidslivet i fremtiden\'bb. Further the social part of the internships is something I regard highly as this is a great possibility to connect with students from other fields of study and also alumnis from the univeristy. Im excited on how the social part is going to be arranged. \
\
Im looking forward to \'abta fatt p\'e5 oppgaven\'bb and get to know the ones Im going to work with. Its undoubtedly going to be a great experience, and when the internship is over I look forward to look back on the work we have done and \'aberfaringene vi har gjort\'bb. \
}